Course Overview

Course Objectives: For this course, you will complete a Capstone Project using data analysis to recommend a method 
for improving profits for your company, Watershed Property Management, Inc. Watershed is responsible for managing
thousands of residential rental properties throughout the United States. Your job is to persuade Watershed’s management
team to pursue a new strategy for managing its properties that will increase their profits.


To do this, you will:

Elicit information about important variables relevant to your analysis;

Draw upon your new MySQL database skills to extract relevant data from a real estate database;

Implement data analysis in Excel to identify the best opportunities for Watershed to increase revenue and maximize profits, 
while managing  any new risks;

Create a Tableau dashboard to show Watershed executive the results of a sensitivity analysis;

and Articulate a significant and innovative business process change for Watershed based on your data analysis, 
that you will recommend to company executives.



Course Logistics: 

To achieve a comprehensive understanding of the material presented in this capstone course, 
it is required that participants work through the material sequentially, following the 8 week schedule. 
Work first through the introduction, beginning with the first lecture called "Introduction to the Capstone Project." 
For the Final Project assignment which begins in week 7 and continues to week 8, you will have two weeks to complete the assignment 
(submitting your materials and evaluating your peers).

Video Lectures: 

It is recommended participants view the videos sequentially in order to achieve an understanding of the content for each week. 
Each video has the option to display a computer-generated transcript (this option is available below the video). To view the transcript,
click the icon located to the lower right of the video. Note that some material on the slides might be blocked due to the transcript display. 
You can either turn off the transcript display when this occurs, or you can print the transcripts and follow along on paper.
There are two format types you can download and they are WebVTT and .txt extension files.
If you have a problem or question about a particular video, please post your concern to the discussion forum that is located
directed below the specific video.


Discussions:

Building community is an important component of the learning experience. Course Discussions provide an opportunity to engage 
in discussions with other learners. There are discussion forums below each video lecture, and additional topic-specific discussion 
forums are located under the Discussions  tab. If there is a problem or question that doesn’t refer to a specific video, 
please post it to the General Discussion forum.


Quizzes: 

Some weeks contain a graded quiz with multiple-choice questions. Participants have an unlimited number of quiz attempts, but may only 
retake a quiz 3 times in an 8-hour time frame. A score of 80% or higher is required to pass each quiz.. The in-video quizzes are not scored; 
they are embedded questions to help you understand the content presented in the video lectures.


Peer Evaluation/Capstone Project: 

This capstone course includes a final project, where you will use data analysis to recommend a method for improving profits
for your company, Watershed Property Management, Inc. Watershed is responsible for managing thousands of residential rental 
properties throughout the United States. Your job is to persuade Watershed’s management team to pursue a new strategy for managing
properties that will increase their profits. You will have two weeks to complete the Final Project, which is a three part peer reviewed assignment. 

Submit your materials in week 7, and evaluate your peers in week 8.
